Change order of first three queries (#249)
datacarpentry/sql-ecology-lesson: _episodes/01-sql-basic-queries.md

individual that was captured at the site, including when they were captured,
what plot they were captured on, their species ID, sex and weight in grams.

Let’s write an SQL query that selects all of the columns in the surveys table. SQL queries can be written in the box located under the "Execute SQL" tab. Click on the right arrow above the query box to execute the query. (You can also use the keyboard shortcut "Cmd-Enter" on a Mac or "Ctrl-Enter" on a Windows machine to execute a query.) The results are displayed in the box below your query. If you want to display all of the columns in a table, use the wildcard *.

    SELECT *
    FROM surveys;

We have capitalized the words SELECT and FROM because they are SQL keywords.
SQL is case insensitive, but it helps for readability, and is good style.

If we want to select a single column, we can type the column name instead of the wildcard *.

    SELECT year
    FROM surveys;

> If we want more information, we can just add a new column to the list of fields,

Reviewer: You are actually adding 2 more columns, so how about:
```suggestion
If we want more information, we can just add more columns to the list of fields,
```
